# MakeChangeProject
In the cash register we will calculate the amount of change returned to a customer based on the purchase price and the amount tendered. We will also notify the attendant how many of each piece of currency ($20 ,$10 ,$5 ,$1, .25c, .10c, .05c, .01c) is needed to make the change for the customer. Change should be provided using the largest bill and coin denominations as possible. Denominations that are not used should not be displayed.
# Description
This is a program that uses the user input to calculate the change of a purchase. The user is  instructed to  enter both the cost of the item and the amount of money they are paying with. The program then does simple arithmetic to determine whether the user has paid either too much, not enough, or the exact amount. The program then uses if-else statements to determine the correct method to call based on the users input. If the user enters the exact amount they are met with a thank you message as well as a confirmation that their balance is zero. If the user enters an insufficient amount they are  instructed to pay the remaining balance. If the user input is more than the total the program calculates what the change is and determines the exact bill and coin denominations that should be provided. This calculation is completed using the remainder operator, mod operator and  Math.round, which rounds the number to the nearest integer. To determine the exact change to be distributed, the program uses if-else statements for each bill and coin. Each statement takes the mod value and uses three arguments; if the value is greater than 1 it prints bills, if the value is equal to 1 it prints a single bill, and if the value is equal to zero it does nothing. 
# Technologies Used
Java, Atom, Eclipse, Terminal, Github
# Lessons Learned
I got stuck on the rounding issue for awhile actually. I tried several different methods to get it to work but I honestly didn't know what the other methods were doing. Before realizing Math.round was  all I needed to do, I tried String.format (which I still ended up using), DecimalFormat (which I couldn't figure out how to get the decimal to round up. While searching for ways to fix this problem I also came across Math.floor but was unsure what the difference was between it and Math.round.
